[Docs] Code migration guide (#1350)
open-mmlab/mmocr: docs/en/migration/code.md

- The support of SegOCR has been removed. TPS-CRNN will still be supported in a later version.

- Test time augmentation will be supported in the upcoming release.

- *Label converter* module has been removed and its functions have been split into *Dictionary*, *ModuleLoss* and *Postprocessor*.

- The definition of `max_seq_len` has been unified and now it represents the original output length of the model.

### Label Converter

- The original label converters had spelling errors (written as label convertors). We fixed them by removing label converters from this project.

- The part responsible for converting characters/strings to and from numeric indexes was extracted to *Dictionary*.

- In older versions, different label converters would have different special character sets and character order. In version 0.x, the character order was as follows.

| Converter                       | Character order                        |
| ------------------------------- | -------------------------------------- |

> | `AttnConvertor`, `ABIConvertor` | \<UKN>, \<BOS/EOS>, \<PAD>, characters |
> | `CTCConvertor`                  | \<BLK>, \<UKN>, characters             |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `AttnConvertor`, `ABIConvertor` | `<UKN>`, `<BOS/EOS>`, `<PAD>`, characters |
| `CTCConvertor`                  | `<BLK>`, `<UKN>`, characters             |
```

# Code Migration

MMOCR has been designed in a way that there are a lot of shortcomings in the initial version in order to balance the tasks of text detection, recognition and key information extraction. In this 1.0 release, MMOCR synchronizes its new model architecture to align as much as possible with the overall OpenMMLab design and to achieve structural uniformity within the algorithm library. Although this upgrade is not fully backward compatible, we summarize the changes that may be of interest to developers for those who need them.

## Fundamental Changes

Functional boundaries of modules has not been clearly defined in MMOCR 0.x. In MMOCR 1.0, we address this issue by refactoring the design of model modules. Here are some major changes in 1.0:

- MMOCR 1.0 no longer supports named entity recognition tasks since it's not in the scope of OCR.

> - The module that computes the loss in a model is named as *Module Loss*, which is also responsbile for the conversion of gold annotations into loss targets. Another module, *Postprocessor*, is responsible for decoding the model raw output into `DataSample` for the corresponding task at prediction time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The module that computes the loss in a model is named as *Module Loss*, which is also responsible for the conversion of gold annotations into loss targets. Another module, *Postprocessor*, is responsible for decoding the model raw output into `DataSample` for the corresponding task at prediction time.
```

> - The inputs of all models are reduced to two: `inputs`, containing the original features of the images and `List[DataSample]`, containing the meta-information of the images. At training time, the output format of a model is standardized to a dictionary containing the loss tensors. Similarly, a model generates a sequence of `DataSample`s containing the prediction outputs in testing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The inputs of all models are now organized as a dictionary that consists of two keys: `inputs`, containing the original features of the images, and `List[DataSample]`, containing the meta-information of the images. At training time, the output format of a model is standardized to a dictionary containing the loss tensors. Similarly, a model generates a sequence of `DataSample`s containing the prediction outputs in testing.
```

> - in MMOCR 0.x, the majority of classes named `XXLoss` have the implementations closely bound to the corresponding model, while their names made users hard to tell them apart from other generic losses like `DiceLoss`. In 1.0, they are renamed to the form `XXModuleLoss`. (e.g. `DBLoss` was renamed to `DBModuleLoss`). The key to their configurations in config files is also changed from `loss` to `module_loss`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- In MMOCR 0.x, the majority of classes named `XXLoss` have the implementations closely bound to the corresponding model, while their names made users hard to tell them apart from other generic losses like `DiceLoss`. In 1.0, they are renamed to the form `XXModuleLoss`. (e.g. `DBLoss` was renamed to `DBModuleLoss`). The key to their configurations in config files is also changed from `loss` to `module_loss`.
```

- The names of generic loss classes that are not related to the model implementation are kept as `XXLoss`. (e.g. [`MaskedBCELoss`](mmocr.models.common.losses.MaskedBCELoss)) They are all placed under `mmocr/models/common/losses`.

- Changes under `mmocr/models/common/losses`: `DiceLoss` is renamed to [`MaskedDiceLoss`](mmocr.models.common.losses.MaskedDiceLoss). `FocalLoss` has been removed.

- MMOCR 1.0 adds a *Dictionary* module which originates from *label converter*. It is used in text recognition and key information extraction tasks.

## Text Detection Models

### Key Changes (TL;DR)

> - 旧版的模型权重仍然适用于新版，但需要将权重字典 `state_dict` 中以 `bbox_head` 开头的字段重命名为 `det_head`。

Reviewer: forget to translate

> - 旧版的模型权重仍然适用于新版，但需要将权重字典 `state_dict` 中以 `bbox_head` 开头的字段重命名为 `det_head`。

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

- The model weights from MMOCR 0.x still works in the 1.0, but the fields starting with `bbox_head` in the state dict `state_dict` need to be renamed to `det_head`.

> - `XXTargets` transforms, which were responsbile for genearting detection targets, have been merged into `XXModuleLoss`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `XXTargets` transforms, which were responsible for genearting detection targets, have been merged into `XXModuleLoss`.
```

- The support of SegOCR has been removed. TPS-CRNN will still be supported in a later version.

- Test time augmentation will be supported in the upcoming release.

- *Label converter* module has been removed and its functions have been split into *Dictionary*, *ModuleLoss* and *Postprocessor*.

- The definition of `max_seq_len` has been unified and now it represents the original output length of the model.

### Label Converter

- The original label converters had spelling errors (written as label convertors). We fixed them by removing label converters from this project.

- The part responsible for converting characters/strings to and from numeric indexes was extracted to *Dictionary*.

- In older versions, different label converters would have different special character sets and character order. In version 0.x, the character order was as follows.

- | Converter                       | Character order                      |
  | ------------------------------- | ------------------------------------ |
  | `AttnConvertor`, `ABIConvertor` | <UKN>, \<BOS/EOS>, <PAD>, characters |

>   | `CTCConvertor`                  | <BLK>, <UKN>, characters             |

Reviewer: ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/45810070/187414265-5b116f7d-f57e-4033-9966-a8ea83d85e21.png)

> 在 1.0 中，我们不再以任务为边界设计不同的字典和字符序，取而代之的是统一了字符序的 Dictionary，其字符序为 characters, \<BOS/EOS>, , 。`CTCConvertor` 中 被等价替换为 。

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> In 1.0, instead of designing different dictionaries and character orders for different tasks, we have a unified *Dictionary* implementation with the character order always as characters, \<BOS/EOS>, <PAD>, <UKN>. <BLK> in `CTCConvertor` has been equivalently replaced by <PAD>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In 1.0, instead of designing different dictionaries and character orders for different tasks, we have a unified *Dictionary* implementation with the character order always as characters, <BOS/EOS>, <PAD>, <UKN>. <BLK> in `CTCConvertor` has been equivalently replaced by <PAD>.
```

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/45810070/187414545-d5619f04-0ba6-4475-993c-47ef6b4bfb29.png)

  | MMOCR 0.x: `dict_type` | MMOCR 1.0: Dict path                   |
  | ---------------------- | -------------------------------------- |
  | DICT90                 | dicts/english_digits_symbols.txt       |
  | DICT91                 | dicts/english_digits_symbols_space.txt |
  | DICT36                 | dicts/lower_english_digits.txt         |
  | DICT37                 | dicts/lower_english_digits_space.txt   |

- The implementation of `str2tensor()` in *label converter* has been moved to `ModuleLoss.get_targets()`. The following table shows the correspondence between the old and new method implementations. Note that the old and new implementations are not identical.

  | MMOCR 0.x                                                 | MMOCR 1.0                               | Note                                                                                                     |
  | --------------------------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

>   | `ABIConvertor.str2tensor()`, `AttnConvertor.str2tensor()` | `BaseTextRecogModuleLoss.get_targets()` | The differences that existed between the implementations of the two classes have been unified in the new version |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  | `ABIConvertor.str2tensor()`, `AttnConvertor.str2tensor()` | `BaseTextRecogModuleLoss.get_targets()` | The different implementations between `ABIConvertor.str2tensor()` and `AttnConvertor.str2tensor()` have been unified in the new version. |
```

  | `CTCConvertor.str2tensor()`                               | `CTCModuleLoss.get_targets()`           |                                                                                                          |

- The implementation of `tensor2str()` in *label converter* has been moved to `Postprocessor.get_single_prediction()`. The following table shows the correspondence between the old and new method implementations. Note that the old and new implementations are not identical.

  | MMOCR 0.x                                                 | MMOCR 1.0                               | Note                                                                                                     |
  | --------------------------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
  | `ABIConvertor.str2tensor()`, `AttnConvertor.str2tensor()` | `BaseTextRecogModuleLoss.get_targets()` | The differences that existed between the implementations of the two classes have been unified in the new version |

>   | `CTCConvertor.str2tensor()`                               | `CTCModuleLoss.get_targets()`           |                                                                                                          |

Reviewer: tensor2str()?
